.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH BPYTHONRC 5 "August 13, 2008"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
bpythonrc \- user configuration file for bpython
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ~/.bpythonrc
.SH DESCRIPTION
The 
.B bpythonrc
contains various options controlling the behaviour of 
.B bpython
 .

Boolean values are 
.B yes, true, on
and
.B no, false, off
 . Currently only boolean variables exist. 

The various options are:

.B auto_display_list 
.BI boolean
(default: yes)
.RS
Display the autocomplete list as you type. When this is off, you can hit tab to see the suggestions.
.RE

.B syntax
.BI boolean
(default: yes)
.RS
Syntax highlighting as you type.
.RE

.B arg_spec
.BI boolean
(default: yes)
.RS
Display the arg spec (list of arguments) for callables, when possible.
.RE

.B tab_length
.BI integer
(default: 4)
.RS
The number of spaces a soft tab equals.
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bpython (1).

.SH AUTHOR
bpython was written by Robert Anthony Farrell <robertanthonyfarrel@gmail.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Jørgen Pedersen Tjernø <jorgen@devsoft.no>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
